docs: add generative ai contribution guidelines (#19427)
coder/coder: docs/about/contributing/AI_CONTRIBUTING.md

# Guidelines for Using Generative AI in Contributions

> This document defines rules for contributions where an AI system is the primary author of the code (i.e., most of the pull request was generated by AI).

Reviewer: > most of the pull request was generated by AI)

This decision is very much "vibes based" from the reviewer's perspective. As such, I anticipate that this may be the source of a number of arguments. Unfortunately, I don't have any suggestion for a better delineation.

Author: I do agree, but I kept it subjective because I know we all use AI day to day in our coding. I did not want to encompass our usual PRs.

I do not like the idea of saying like "50% of lines" or something.

> It applies to all Coder repositories and is supplementary to the [existing contributing guidelines](./CONTRIBUTING.md), not a replacement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It applies to all Coder repositories and is a supplement to the [existing contributing guidelines](./CONTRIBUTING.md), not a replacement.
```

For minor AI-assisted edits, suggestions, or completions where the human contributor is clearly the primary author, these rules do not apply — standard contributing guidelines are sufficient.

## Disclosure

Contributors must **disclose AI involvement** in the pull request description whenever these guidelines apply.

## Human Ownership & Attribution

> - All pull requests must be opened under **real user accounts**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All pull requests must be opened under **user accounts linked to a human**, and not an application ("bot account").
```

# Guidelines for Using Generative AI in Contributions

This document defines rules for contributions where an AI system is the primary author of the code (i.e., most of the pull request was generated by AI).
It applies to all Coder repositories and is supplementary to the existing contributing guidelines, not a replacement.

For minor AI-assisted edits, suggestions, or completions where the human contributor is clearly the primary author, these rules do not apply — standard contributing guidelines are sufficient.

## Disclosure

> Contributors must **disclose AI involvement** in the pull request description whenever these guidelines apply.

Author: I'm not 100% sure. I know we can make issue templates, never tried for PRs

> Contributors must **disclose AI involvement** in the pull request description whenever these guidelines apply.

Reviewer 2: @Emyrk can we please include this? Right now folks won't know to look at your new doc; let's increase discoverability.

## Human Ownership & Attribution

- All pull requests must be opened under **real user accounts**.
- Contributors are personally accountable for the content of their PRs, regardless of how it was generated.
- Default to draft PRs until work has been tested and reviewed.

## Verification & Evidence

> All AI-assisted contributions require **manual verification**.

Author: Maybe it should, but currently we don't enforce that on any of our PRs

> All AI-assisted contributions require **manual verification**.

Author: This is just something to point to if we want to quick reject something and the contributor has some means to get it back on our plate.

If we reject without some action advice, that would be a bit more harsh
